doc: use ASCII apostrophes consistently (#43114)
nodejs/node: src/README.md

to access the value and crash the process if it is not set.

This should only be performed if it is actually sure that the operation has

> not failed. A lot of Node.js's source code does **not** follow this rule, and

Author: ```suggestion
not failed. A lot of the Node.js source code does **not** follow this rule, and
```

The `AsyncWrap` class has a set of methods called `MakeCallback()`, with the
intention of the naming being that it is used to “make calls back into
JavaScript” from the event loop, rather than making callbacks in some way.

> (As the naming has made its way into Node.js's public API, it's not worth

Author: ```suggestion
(As the naming has made its way into the Node.js public API, it's not worth
```

Usually, using `AsyncWrap::MakeCallback()` or using the constructor taking
an `AsyncWrap*` argument (i.e. used as

> `InternalCallbackScope callback_scope(this);`) suffices inside of Node.js's

Author: ```suggestion
`InternalCallbackScope callback_scope(this);`) suffices inside of the Node.js
```
